README.md, before:

﻿# [Backend Development for .Net Full Stack](https://www.coursera.org/learn/backend-development-dot-net-fullstack/home/welcome)

## Module 1

### Data Passing Techniques
- ViewData
- ViewBag 
- TempData
- Session
- Cookies 
- QueryString

##### Reading :
- [Add Custom Middleware in ASP.NET Core Application](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/core/how-to-add-custom-middleware-aspnet-core)
- [ASP.NET Core Request Processing Pipeline](https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/asp-net-core-request-processing-pipeline/)
- [Filters in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/controllers/filters?view=aspnetcore-5.0)
- [Architectural principles - Dependency inversion](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/architectural-principles#dependency-inversion)
- [Dependency injection in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/dependency-injection?view=aspnetcore-5.0)
- [ASP.NET Core: Built-in IoC Container](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/core/internals-of-builtin-ioc-container-in-aspnet-core)
- [Use multiple environments in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/environments?view=aspnetcore-5.0)
- [Handle errors in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/error-handling?view=aspnetcore-7.0)


### Forms and Validation
- Weakly Typed Forms
- Strongly Typed Forms
- Model Binding 
- Server Side Validation

##### Reading : 
- [Creating User Registration Form](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/creating-user-registration-form-in-asp-net-core-mvc-web-application/)
- [Weakly Typed and Strongly Typed Forms](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/1078491/Creating-Forms-in-ASP-NET-MVC)
- [Model Binding](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/use-of-model-binder-in-mvc-and-web-api/)
- [Handling Forms Post](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/posting-form-data-from-Asp-Net-page-to-another-url/)
- [Forms Validations - Server Side and Client Side](https://www.computer.org/publications/tech-news/trends/client-side-form-validation)
- [Custom Validations](https://www.coursera.org/learn/backend-development-dot-net-fullstack/supplement/tMMq4/further-reading-on-forms-and-validation)

----

## Module 2

### Working with Data Using Entity Framework Core

##### Reading : 
- [Introduction to Entity Framework](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/)
- [Creating Database Using Code First](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/create-a-new-database-using-code-first-in-entity-framework/)
- [Database CRUD Operations](https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/crud-operations-in-entity-framework/)
- [Calling Stored Procedure and Functions](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/ff2f08/call-store-procedure-from-entity-framework/)
- [Listing, Paging, Sorting using WebGrid](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/mvc-searching-sorting-and-paging-in-web-grid)

### ASP.NET MVC Pipeline and Security

- How the pipeline works 
- Different types of filters
- Create custom filters
- Security in ASP.NET MVC
- Create user login flow for your application
- How to access logged in user details 
- How to create base controller for your application 

##### Reading : 
- [ASP.NET MVC Pipeline](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/mvc-architecture-its-pipeline4/)
- [ASP.NET MVC Filters](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/filters-in-asp.net-mvc)
- [Filters Configurations and Execution](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/filters-in-asp.net-mvc)
- [Creating Custom ASP.NET MVC Filters](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/articles/create-custom-filters)
- [Security : Forms Authentication](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/forms-authentication-in-mvc/)
- [Creating User Login Flow](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/cd3310/using-mvc-Asp-Net-tools-create-simple-login-form/)
- [Accessing Logged In User Details](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/overview/security/create-an-aspnet-mvc-5-web-app-with-email-confirmation-and-password-reset)
- [Creating Base Controller](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/mvc-controller)

## Module 3
### Building RESTful Services with ASP.NET Web API

- Introduction to ASP.NET Web API
- CRUD operation
- Test Web API using postman
- HTTP request and responses
- Configuring routing 
- Content negotiation and media type formater

### ASP.NET Web API Concepts

- Routing
- Types of routing
- Route constraints
- Types of Action Result 
- Content negotiation
- Use of media type formaters
- Model binding and model validation
- Handling validation errors

---


## Accomplishment Certificates

- [.NET Full Stack Foundation](https://coursera.org/share/1acac88129955a2bee32290ba1c9a8d5)
- [Backend Development for .Net Full Stack](https://coursera.org/share/15a764efe444f9ef5133413bb84fa8b4)

Commit message:

Add certificate links in README.md

README.md, after:

﻿# [Backend Development for .Net Full Stack](https://www.coursera.org/learn/backend-development-dot-net-fullstack/home/welcome)

## Module 1

### Data Passing Techniques

- ViewData
- ViewBag
- TempData
- Session
- Cookies
- QueryString

##### Reading :

- [Add Custom Middleware in ASP.NET Core Application](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/core/how-to-add-custom-middleware-aspnet-core)
- [ASP.NET Core Request Processing Pipeline](https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/asp-net-core-request-processing-pipeline/)
- [Filters in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/controllers/filters?view=aspnetcore-5.0)
- [Architectural principles - Dependency inversion](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/architectural-principles#dependency-inversion)
- [Dependency injection in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/dependency-injection?view=aspnetcore-5.0)
- [ASP.NET Core: Built-in IoC Container](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/core/internals-of-builtin-ioc-container-in-aspnet-core)
- [Use multiple environments in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/environments?view=aspnetcore-5.0)
- [Handle errors in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/error-handling?view=aspnetcore-7.0)

### Forms and Validation

- Weakly Typed Forms
- Strongly Typed Forms
- Model Binding
- Server Side Validation

##### Reading :

- [Creating User Registration Form](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/creating-user-registration-form-in-asp-net-core-mvc-web-application/)
- [Weakly Typed and Strongly Typed Forms](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/1078491/Creating-Forms-in-ASP-NET-MVC)
- [Model Binding](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/use-of-model-binder-in-mvc-and-web-api/)
- [Handling Forms Post](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/posting-form-data-from-Asp-Net-page-to-another-url/)
- [Forms Validations - Server Side and Client Side](https://www.computer.org/publications/tech-news/trends/client-side-form-validation)
- [Custom Validations](https://www.coursera.org/learn/backend-development-dot-net-fullstack/supplement/tMMq4/further-reading-on-forms-and-validation)

---

## Module 2

### Working with Data Using Entity Framework Core

##### Reading :

- [Introduction to Entity Framework](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/)
- [Creating Database Using Code First](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/create-a-new-database-using-code-first-in-entity-framework/)
- [Database CRUD Operations](https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/crud-operations-in-entity-framework/)
- [Calling Stored Procedure and Functions](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/ff2f08/call-store-procedure-from-entity-framework/)
- [Listing, Paging, Sorting using WebGrid](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/mvc-searching-sorting-and-paging-in-web-grid)

### ASP.NET MVC Pipeline and Security

- How the pipeline works
- Different types of filters
- Create custom filters
- Security in ASP.NET MVC
- Create user login flow for your application
- How to access logged in user details
- How to create base controller for your application

##### Reading :

- [ASP.NET MVC Pipeline](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/mvc-architecture-its-pipeline4/)
- [ASP.NET MVC Filters](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/filters-in-asp.net-mvc)
- [Filters Configurations and Execution](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/filters-in-asp.net-mvc)
- [Creating Custom ASP.NET MVC Filters](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/articles/create-custom-filters)
- [Security : Forms Authentication](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/forms-authentication-in-mvc/)
- [Creating User Login Flow](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/cd3310/using-mvc-Asp-Net-tools-create-simple-login-form/)
- [Accessing Logged In User Details](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/overview/security/create-an-aspnet-mvc-5-web-app-with-email-confirmation-and-password-reset)
- [Creating Base Controller](https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/mvc-controller)

## Module 3

### Building RESTful Services with ASP.NET Web API

- Introduction to ASP.NET Web API
- CRUD operation
- Test Web API using postman
- HTTP request and responses
- Configuring routing
- Content negotiation and media type formater

### ASP.NET Web API Concepts

- Routing
- Types of routing
- Route constraints
- Types of Action Result
- Content negotiation
- Use of media type formaters
- Model binding and model validation
- Handling validation errors

---

## Accomplishment Certificates

- [.NET Full Stack Foundation](https://coursera.org/share/1acac88129955a2bee32290ba1c9a8d5)
- [Frontend Development using React](https://1drv.ms/b/s!ApTanr6lVq20hM0E2hH0EXI5OkoGtg?e=ytONfu)
- [Backend Development for .Net Full Stack](https://coursera.org/share/15a764efe444f9ef5133413bb84fa8b4)

##### [.NET FullStack Developer Specialization Certificate](https://1drv.ms/b/s!ApTanr6lVq20hM0F8FK3bdRIo7IXCw?e=iyu5WD)
